Update logistics page (#107)
ohbm/hackathon2020: logistics.md

Open a terminal and type `echo $SHELL`. If it reads `/bin/bash` then you are all set! If it does not,
then for all parts of the subsequent instructions, whenever the instructions read “open a terminal,”
please assume you are to open a terminal, type bash, and the proceed with the instructions as specified.

###### **Git**

You most likely already have Git installed.
To check if you do:
- On Debian -  type `sudo apt-get install git` inside the terminal
- On Fedora - type `sudo yum install git` inside the terminal.

###### **VSCode**

> Go to https://code.visualstudio.com/ and click the download button, then run the `.exe` file.

Reviewer: I think this is the windows section and  not the linux section, no?

Author: woops will fix!

Author: those are the instructions i found here: https://school.brainhackmtl.org/setup/

Open a terminal and type `echo $SHELL`. If it reads `/bin/bash` then you are all set! If it does not,
then for all parts of the subsequent instructions, whenever the instructions read “open a terminal,”
please assume you are to open a terminal, type bash, and the proceed with the instructions as specified.

###### **Git**

You most likely already have Git installed.
To check if you do:
- On Debian -  type `sudo apt-get install git` inside the terminal
- On Fedora - type `sudo yum install git` inside the terminal.

###### **VSCode**

> Go to [visual studio code website](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and click the download button, then run the `.exe` file.

Reviewer: I found this on there https://school.brainhackmtl.org/setup/

I think that unless you use Wine you can't run a `.exe` on thelinux, right?

```suggestion
    Go to https://code.visualstudio.com/ and click the download button for either the .deb (Ubuntu, Debian) or the .rpm (Fedora, CentOS) file.
    Double-click the downloaded file to install VSCode. (You may be prompted to type your administrator password during the install).
```

> Go to [visual studio code website](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and click the download button, then run the `.exe` file.
> Leave all the defaults during the installation with the following exception:
> Please make sure the box labelled “Register Code as an editor for supported file types” is selected.

Reviewer: I found this on there https://school.brainhackmtl.org/setup/

I think that unless you use Wine you can't run a `.exe` on thelinux, right?

```suggestion
    Go to the [visual studio code website](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and click the download button for either the .deb (Ubuntu, Debian) or the .rpm (Fedora, CentOS) file.
    Double-click the downloaded file to install VSCode. (You may be prompted to type your administrator password during the install).
```
